# 8/15/2024 - 45th Update!

wow, last night i had an insanely weird dream, but i forgot most of it. also, some window just popped up and instantly closed, idk whats going on there... im gonna play some music (since i just woke up from an accidental 1 hour nap) and get to work! so, time to start improving interactive visual objects!

to reiterate from yesterday, the issue is that, throughout the code, we sometimes scan through the entire lsit to find an interactive visual object that permantely exists, so there's no need to scan through the list. now thinking about it, there might not be that much of a FPS improvement, but it defintely reduces redundancy and possibly make things more readable!

ok, things have been cleaned up in the "buttons" area near the top of tick! now, time to go through the rest of the code! ok, so turns out there were only two of them, but still, an important improvement! now, updating things only when neccesary... uh... ok, so i added `self.mouseIn___Section`, not sure if it helps much, but it can improve readability when its needed. ok, so now, the animation only updates when the time changes, but its not that simple, since new sprites and stuff also need to be taken into account. part of me wants to add the region concept from protoplop over, where we split the screen into small region and only update it when neccesary, but i think that deserves its own branch, and should be taken care of later! ok, that time might be now... quick commit first! 

ok, new branch! https://github.com/HenryLi-0/tape/tree/screen-regions ! this could now go seriously wrong, so yeah!

> Animation Interface: `(23,36) to (925,542)`: size `(903,507)`

those numbers better not be prime...

> 3 * 7 * 43 = 903
>
> 3 * 13 * 13 = 507

so, we can have 7 * 13 regions for 91 regions, or have 7 * 3 for 21 regions... so, there has to be a point where we have too many regions right? so i guess, for testing, 7 * 3 regions is ok... that means `129x169` pixel sized region! protoplop used `128x94` sized regions, so we're currently a bit below twice that size, but we should still feel the benefits! but first, before doing this, big question, how do we do this? to detect what region something happens in, thats kinda difficult! i guess for now, we use the min and max affected time of every sprite, and if we are between the time, we can assume that they are affected the region, so the condition for whether or not a region should update is if there is a sprite in that region that is between its min and max runtime, and that the animation time has changed!

ok, i got the region system to appear, now we need to program the stuff of telling it to update (like, when that previously mentioned condition is satisfied)

ok, so i merged the optimizations branch with main! now, unfortunately, i didnt get to code much today, but i'll probably continue with this section stuff tommorow! ok, good night!