# 7/3/2024 - 26th Update!

ok, ive been thinking, and i have a silly idea for the first test animation when everythings done, something that really tests how this thing works (like how well it operates)!

anyways, its morning time and im being forced to leave the house for lunch, so see you all in the afternoon! ok, quick update before i am being forced to go, i made a little formula for the scrolling thing, and it seems to be moving nicely! there's no limit to how far you can zoom out, so you can zoom out to points in time thousands of years in the future. i think that, in hopes that no user accidentally starts a thousand year long render, we need a zoom out limit!

ok, theres a zoom limit and now, its working nicely! the only issue is that after some offset, the lines dont render anymore, and i think i know how to fix it...

```
((i*(10**math.floor(math.log(self.graphScale+0.000001,10)+1)))-self.graphOffset)*(1/(self.graphScale+0.000001))*25 = 0
(i*(10**math.floor(math.log(self.graphScale+0.000001,10)+1)))-self.graphOffset = 0
i = self.graphOffset/(10**math.floor(math.log(self.graphScale+0.000001,10)+1))
```

wow, we found out how to calculate i for when 0, it seems to be working correctly! the image also appears to be showing up on the correct spot! also, after helping lift giant rice bag upstairs (by myself...), i had a bad idea. ~~what if we had another version of tape with 3D paths? (NO WE'RE NOT DOING THIS RIGHT NOW)~~ anyways, back to coding! oh look, that random energetic spanish song ~~that my spanish 2 going to 3 brain cant understand, i really shouldnt be going to spanish 3...~~ is playing (its a good song!)!

ok, it appears that the graph points are appearing and offset properly! gonna quickly commit...

ive decided that i need to try to set at least a tentative finishing day (we already said hopefully by the end of July), so hows July 20th? Possibly unrealistic, but having a looming deadline makes me more productive sometimes. 

points are appearing PROPERLY now! they're also responding to graph size changes, which is great! the only issue is that they are fixed/unmovable because there's nothing that currently takes the user's changed position and updates the point.

```
(data[i*3]-self.graphOffset)*25/(self.graphScale+0.000001) = x
data[i*3]-self.graphOffset = x*(self.graphScale+0.000001)/25
data[i*3] = x*(self.graphScale+0.000001)/25+self.graphOffset

(100-data[i*3+1])/100*223 = y
100-data[i*3+1] = y/233*100
data[i*3+1] = 100-((y/233)*100)
```

formulas reversed!

wow thats crazy... i made a gravity simulator because of imperfect rounding and math... that is truly crazy. ok, it has been fixed, but the points don't exactly go to the 0-100 scale, but skip every couple numbers, so i'll fix that later! gonna go eat dinner now, so here's a quick commit!

ok, its late at night, and my excellent way of work (procastination) and "yeah, i'll do it later, i'll have time" has led me to have to complete this CAD assignment before 3AM (why is it due at 3AM???) this means that this commit that you're reading likely has no other code attached to it, and only an updatelog update. 

i hope that that piece of dust going 25mph wasn't a mosquito...

good night!