# 7/4/2024 - 27th Update!

ok, its currently 12AM, and i dont know what's going on outside. some guy is laughing and a couple kids are laughing and screaming??? hopefully nothing bad's happening. anyways, we're almost there! THERES A SMALL FLYING INSECT GOING AROUND MY LIGHT SDFASDFDKFPAKDFO

ok, so its 7/4/2024 morning now and i think im a little tired (i did code for an average of 3+ hours a day for a week and focused every free second i had on thinking about this...). however, i dont really care, i just remembered we're nearing the end, so lets continue! 

*proceeds to sleep for half an hour* (yes, i just woke up.)

i need to write an essay and i dont know where to start, i'll be right back! yeah, so its 6PM and i didnt write any code yet... (oops fell asleep for half an hour again)

ok, now that im actually coding again, sorting the list based on time now works! we need to do this because we dont want are data to process in time in both directions, as positions going backwards in time would allow multiple positions to exist at one point in time, which doesn't make sense for the user, and would probably break everything. we also dont really need the graph to time travel (but it would be funny...). also, just fixed a bug that made points not arrange themselves properly in some cases! now, time to fix that weird rounding thing...

ok, it seems that the weird snapping of the points cant be fixed, because rounding will cause the graph to become an upside down gravity simulator, and the solution we have causes the snapping. ok, now we need to make keybinds work! keybinds are sort of working, theres just one point thats not acting correctly...

unfortunately, not much work done today, maybe tommorow will be more productive?