# 7/6/2024 - 29th Update!

hello everyone, its 8:20 AM while im writing this. yes, i got up at 7:30 AM for some reason and decided "let's go coding!"! anyways, coding time. bug fixing time! so, even when the path line disappears, there are still somehow 4 connections to the 5 points that still exist, which is weird.

i see what's going on, the last connection of "None" is being brought around!

```
[0.9999999999999993, 10.231501777524002, 'S', 5.000000000000003, 15.021459227467815, 'S', 30.000000000000004, 54.199745804859184, None, 43.49337557579251, 15.021459227467815, 'S', 90.7494543101063, 26.062369909189712, 'S']
```

now, that was a major oversight from me, but that doesn mean its thinking correctly! now we just need to check for things like this happening. we should probably also store the numbers rounded. number check works! (rounding values and connections) it appears that swapping out the last connection for `None` is a speedy way to annoy the user (as connections default to "L", and everytime you move a point to the end, it because linear), so we should probably just make it keep storing it (and fix things that may break from this)

```
[25.0, 12.331, 'S', 60.479, 81.129, 'L', 78.913, 34.154, 'S', 122.992, 54.406, 'S', 133.665, 31.33, 'S']
```

nothing seems to be breaking just yet! currently trying to get coordinates to not crash when switching, but here's the focus for today:
- get connections editor going (like connections between the lines, linear or smooth/bezier)
- create special case for coordinate path editor

you see, aiming to create a pre-release by sunday (tommorow) was definetely a bit ambitious. after finally fixing that crash when switching to mode 1 (coordinates), its time to add some editor for connections

a little silly testing, we can get ~7 FPS even with ~775000 states! thats around 7+ hours! (note: your video will also probably take an hour to render if you do this, but thats still a rough guess. no, i don't want to test that.)

ok, its way later now, but CONNECTIONS ARE EDITABLE NOW!!! WOOO (basically, you have to click and hold and press the keybind for it, which is currently set to Q for linear and W for smooth! its working now!!!)

ok, just had lunch! now, im gonna be forced to visit the dentist later (yes, it is very sad), so im gonna quickly code. next goal is to be able to add (and delete) points quickly! (with a key press, maybe with the key A and S?)

ok, its even more later, and creating and destorying (you have to hold the point and press the key) work!!! creating the point also creates the point where your mouse is and defaults its next connection to linear!!! now, something that's been bugging me is the weird scrolling (as in, you don't exactly zoom in where you want to), trying to fix that now!

ok, scrolling is broken, but i have to go to the dentist now :/

so apparently, my mom got trolled by the dentist place or something and the actual appointment is like in two weeks. (however, i see this as an absolute win!) im sweaty (global warming is probably real!) and im gonna get back to coding soon... (also, note to self, you left your water bottle in the fridge, please remeber to `git pull`!)

ok, so scrolling might be working better now? there are new keybinds for better control over the zoom offset, left and right arrow!

```
mx on graph x value = (self.mx-982)*(self.graphScale+0.000001)/25+self.graphOffset
on change, self.mx will stay constant but self.graphScale will change

(mx-982)*(s+0.000001)/25+o = (mx-982)*(s+n+0.000001)/25+o+???
(mx-982)*(s+0.000001)/25 = (mx-982)*(s+n+0.000001)/25+???
(mx-982)*(s+0.000001) = (mx-982)*(s+n+0.000001)+25*???
(s+0.000001) = (s+n+0.000001)+(25*???)/(mx-982)
(s+0.000001)-(25*???)/(mx-982) = (s+n+0.000001)
-(25*???)/(mx-982) = n
n = -(25*???)/(mx-982)

n is the change in scale and ??? will be the change in size

n*(mx-982) = -(25*???)
-n*(mx-982) = 25*???
-n*(mx-982)/25 = ???
??? = -n*(mx-982)/25

oops solved for the wrong thing before
```

ok, so i spent like an hour punching in random numbers and eventually gave up and just decided to solve it. i regret wasting that hour... but it zooms nicely now! ok, after a quick commit, this may go wrong horribly, but its coordinate time!

the constant loop of infinite pain of starting the program, pressing 1 and crashing and bug fixing... ok its no longer instantly crashing, but theres no editor for the coords yet to connect it to (aka, it crashes when you try to edit points)

my brain is currently tired from this, so im gonna move to the timeline for now! (actually im gonna take a break for a quick ~~hour~~ second...) (currently at 6 hours and 15 minutes of coding today according to my schedule :D)

ok, so i dont think we can make a pre-release by tommorow, unless you want a thing that modifies a preset image or a funny graph editor. however, there is a chance, an extremely small chance, that I can wake up at 5 AM with a 4 hour of sleep deprevation mood that somehow speedruns a pre-release. i also think that saturday is way too ambitious for a full first release, but we'll see. my busy weeks start on monday, but i should be able to work during my free time teaching (hey, ive been considering doing some silly machine learning stuff and create a bot version of myself...)

im not eepy just yet, but if im gonna wake up at 5 AM, its currently 1 AM, so i should go to sleep. good night everyone!

To-do:
- DONE - fix that weird bug with the point that appears and is doing nothing
- DONE - get connections editor going (like connections between the lines, linear or smooth/bezier)
- timeline (for time things, simple version for now, but more features and details for next release)
- create special case for coordinate path editor
- multiple sprites!!!
- exporting projects to video (very silly, but it can wait for next release)
- apperance importing (this can wait for next release)
- sprite ordering (this can wait for next release)
- open/save projects (can wait for next release)

well, quite some work to get done! good night everyone!