# 7/7/2024 - 30th Update!

ok turns out i was a bit more eepy then i thought... (i slept until 10 AM, 5 hours later than planned).

ok, over ambitious pre-release day! lets try to finish major stuff by midnight! this reminds me of that time i did my entire engineering report in 8th grade (basically document building something and (although unnecessary but i misread the instructions) run an experiment to test its effectiveness) over the course of a couple hours. i also had to build an entire board for marking period 3, and i finished it all in one night at 3 AM. (you are meant to spent months on it.) anyways, to work!

things to do:
- timeline (for time things, simple version for now, but more features and details for next release)
- create special case for coordinate path editor
- multiple sprites!!!

ok, copied the scrolling code over from graph as the timeline is basically the same thing without any fancy stuff! just fixed a thing where point can render outside of the graph! its a little while later, and i added the timeline time bar thingy! you can click to set it to a position on the timeline! keybinds have been switched, "Z" and "X" to move left and right in the graph (respectively), and "Left" and "Right" to move left and right in the timeline (respectively). of course, these are changable!

a bit of coding and boy oh boy, we're getting there!!! (the image is stuck at (0,0) but responds to updated property paths (other than coordinates, of course, theres no coordinates editor YET) and changing time!!!) some property formulas are changed, it's in `render.py`! (graph ranges from 0 to 100, but some properties have 100 as their base (as in 100 = no change) and go both ways, so that was changed)

ok it now doesnt crash instantly when changing to coordinates path properties and moving the point (issue related to displaying the text)

the coordinate screen is still a pain, and creating bezier paths keeps crashing, this will take a while to fix