# 7/9/2024 - 32nd Update!

ok, currently mangaging two computers at once, but it should be safe to code! so, what's happening today?

- 7/9/2024 - multiple sprites!!!

oh. ok, sprites tab time! (are we lazy? yes. actually on second thought, we should add a button and a keybind for creating sprites. it is quite important...)

starting things off, fixing a bug where quickily moving points to 0 seconds can cause a crash. this seems to be because of having two points at the same time? however, it still crashes with path like this?

```
[0.0, (365.0, 86.0), 'L', 1.0, (0.0, 0.0), 'S', 2.52, (0.0, 0.0), 'S', 4.04, (411.0, 309.0), 'S', 6.08, (884.0, 13.0), 'S']
``` 

in `iterateThroughPath()`? this requires some fixing... ok, bug fixed! it was because of a silly extra layer of a list caused by creating a straight segment (the "L") in `iterateThroughPath`. there were also out of index errors, caused by the "S" at the end. ok, multiple sprite time! its also time for me to teach... i'll be right back!

ok, its a little later now, and `iterateThroughPath()` seems full of bugs huh? bug fixing time! again!

ok turns out we need those brackets? ok, seems to work. just discovered a new bug! its been like half an hour and i found like three more bugs and it is hopefully good now? at least the bug doesnt appear instantly and instantly crash the program! (new testing methoed is creating a bunch of point and spamming "Q" and "W")

sprite work time! added an add button and using up and down to move, with velocity! unfortunately, it doesnt slide as nicely as i want it to, but the functionality's there! (i should probably add mouse scrolling shouldnt i...)

ok, mouse scrolling added, and turns out, i put the velocity stuff inside the keyQueue loop which probably slowed velocity down too much or something silly causing it to not work. it works now, properly, expectedly!

now, im not gonna make that guess an check mistake again

```
ry = 25+i*30-o
ry+o = 25+i*30
ry+o-25 = i*30
(ry+o-25)/30 = i
i = (ry+o-25)/30
```

sprite selection seems to work! now, the plus sign still appears in the editor visuals tab... (unintended, needs to be fixed!) (fixed now!) also, paths seem really broken ( time to fix paths again D: ) 

ok, so it time travels? im just gonna commit now, hopefully able to get a sad pre release soon!