# 7/11/2024 - 34th Update!

the same sad boring morning procedure... (did you know, since i can only attend 4-1.5=2.5 hours of my volunteer place as joining two meetings at once is not easy to control, i can actually submit 3 hours as we have to round (2.5 rounds up to 3)). gonna quickly send in the prerelease/demo version!

oh wow is 3pm now... here are the stuffs for today:
- 7/10/2024 - sprite ordering (this can wait for next release)
- 7/10/2024 - exporting projects to video (very silly, but it can wait for next release)
- 7/11/2024 - apperance importing (this can wait for next release)

oh its 4:40 PM now. no way that clock is moving correctly right? right? oh its 6:00 PM now. oh and its time for me to eat dinner. i'll be right back.

ok, sprite ordering using keybinds is working, also creating and deleting sprites with keybinds is also working! i should probably add buttons later, but its ok for now.

- 7/10/2024 - DONE - sprite ordering (this can wait for next release)

now, exporting projects to video! now, im worried about this one, as it will be very weird to do, as we currently only use numpy as a package that doesnt come with python. i know a way to do it, but it involves openCV. 

ok so now, it seems to have saved something on my computer somewhere, and i cant find it... time for my computer to search through like ~160 GB of storage for it!

oh nevermind, it was right there infront of me. it saves as a gif! but we need a .mov or .mp4! hmm, doesnt seem to work? after doing a bit of research, we need .mov for transparent backgrounds, and it doesn't seem like PIL supports exporting to .mov?

gotta attend a quick meeting now...

i think we need openCV. (if i had it before, would i have went through the same pains? idk.) back now, so .mov supports alpha channel transparency while gif apparently doesnt so .mov it is! doing research on this, it seems that openCV doesn't exactly support alpha channel transparency??? 

so, rather unfortunate, but we're now behind by two days! see you tommorow! good  night, im need to get some 2 AM motivation to think about this video stuff...