# 7/19/2024 - 41st Update!

ok, so we're hoping on releasing today? let me think of last second things we need to do...

oh the settings button doesnt work and isnt even used... maybe it should just open up `/tape/settings.py`, since making a whole new UI for keybinds would take a long time

by the way, i woke up like right before when a meeting was supposed to start, so i skipped breakfast this one time. i may make questionable decisions today. my breakfast consisted of one single lightly salted pistachio. i might make silly choices today.

ok, bug hunting time! oh, i realized that the timeline actually needs some work... oops oh, and renaming sprites.

its late at night and i had slept though all my free time today, and i just found out how to move an image across my screen in a video editing software i already have. so, from `README.md`:

```
Issue: No editing software I have can easily move solid images around the screen
```

i actually was always able to... uh... ok. im gonna rethink my life choices. however, i do now have my own animation thingy, so if the video editing software gets locked behind a paywall, i guess i can do it here! (optimisim, you know) HOWEVER, i still benefit from this, as i now have a basic setup for creating other "pure python apps" (i plan to make two other things using the basic setup code!).

oops just finished writing an essay for 2.25 hours

ok, setting opens up settings!

sprite name editing is still broken, quite strange behavior. unfortunately, im forced to go outside tommorow, so slight change of plans:

- 7/20/2024 - finish random bits
- 7/21/2024 - release v0.1.0

ok, good night!