# 6/18/2024 - 12th Update!

Ok, so I can't figure out how to make the json module to work the way I want... so we're going to make our own storage system! This is likely the worst idea I have, since I'm basically recreating something that should already exist? Well, here's what I want:
- easy way to store/add to a a group
- easy way to pull/read data

Now, I don't plan to have so many groups in groups, just probably something like: Everything>Groups>Data. Everything should basically be dictionaries in a giant list. Time to get working!

Here's a draft for what a project may look like!

```
project = [
    { #project
        "project name": "example",
        "UUID" : "some uuid",
        "other stats and stuff": "things"
    },
    { #timeline
        "length": 5,
        "some sprite uuid": {
            "name": "thing",
            "image" : "image uuid",
            "some action": "data",
            "some action": "data",
            "some action": "data"
        },
        "some sprite uuid": {
            "name": "thing",
            "image" : "image uuid",
            "some action": "data",
            "some action": "data",
            "some action": "data"
        }
    },
    {  #image data IF the user wants to export it together (otherwise, these images will not exist!)
        "some uuid": "some numpy array",
        "some uuid": "some numpy array",
        "some uuid": "some numpy array",
        "some uuid": "some numpy array",
        "some uuid": "some numpy array"
    }
]
```

So, it's pretty clear what this means, now for some image numpy array cache...

```
cache = { # cache of image uuids and their numpy arrays!
    "some uuid": "some numpy array",
    "some uuid": "some numpy array",
    "some uuid": "some numpy array",
    "some uuid": "some numpy array",
    "some uuid": "some numpy array"
    }
```

Now, I think this does mean that, when images are imported into the project, they will have to be converted into numpy arrays for anything to work. I am considering saving the image paths, but that information will be a little useless if the user is importing a project, so here's what I'm thinking: 

We have some form of "master cache" where all images are stored by uuid and numpy array. When users import projects, the code will update the cache with these new numpy arrays, if neccesary. Then, the cache will be used to find whatever images we need. Afterwards, the user can manage the cache and remove image arrays that they don't need or just clear the whole thing. However, the user can also choose to save the image data inside projects (along with the cache), so that we never have missing images (if it's an option, it will likely default to being on).

Ok, time to get this actually working.

Some decisions I made:
- When importing a new image, the code assumes it is a new image, and doesn't check if that image was already uploaded before.

Ok, it's late at night, I'll probably continue tomorrow! I added a little description to the top of `fonts.py` and `interface.py`, just to fit with the other files (idk what to put for `window.py` just yet). The code is inside `bay.py`, with a little text `cache.txt` in `/storage/`. I wasn't sure what to call the file at first. So, it'll be called bay, like the loading bay. Speaking of loading bays, we have a robotics competition this Saturday...

Anyways, good night, I have my chemistry regents on Thursday, so tomorrow's code update may or may not exist. Good night! (coding in the dark at night with the windows partially open looking outside is strangely quite peaceful...)