# 6/11/2024 - 6th Update!

Ok, after accidentally CADing for 3 hours yesterday, I'm back on the project! Today, I've implemented the math and its working great!!!

Here's a picture of this beauty!

insert picture

Ok, so I basically reused the incorrect path code and edited a lot of it and it now works with the new way we're doing things! Unlike last time, which relied on calculating the intersection of two lines that represented a part of the curve, it already calculates the points, so we don't need to calculate for intersections! I also decided to make the code a little less pretty for the benefit of a questionable speed boost. Even so, the pathing for 3 coordinates is going at a speed of ~$0.001$ seconds per test, sometimes even as low as ~$0.0009$ seconds! At that point, it doesn't really matter. However, let's try with 100 coordinates!

New code: `1000 tests | avg: 0.02540440249443054 seconds`
Old code: `1000 tests | avg: 0.03022300934791565 seconds`

Looks like the new version is better in these tests! (I'm too lazy to run more, it'll be ok...). For the actual program, it might be best to have a setting for generating path outlines. For optimizations, the paths will probably only be calculated during/after editing, and when saving. The settings will probably be:

- Every tick (every chance it gets when editing a path)
- Every x ticks (every x ticks when editing a path)
- When done editing (when the path is finished editing)
- Button (when the button is pressed, all paths are generated)
- Saving (will likely always be on) (when file is saved)

Also, upon reviewing test results, it seems that I am unable to do the fancy maths of this stuff. After more research, I realized that I misread a little part about points, so time to add another section!