# 6/26/2024 - 19th Update!

unfortunately not much development time and development today, but here we go!

turns out, i completely forgot about how our coordinate system worked, and a couple silly mistakes. here's a couple! turns out, the coordinate i was using was the global cursor position, but the coordinates for displaying the images in the images are relative to (0,0) of the image their in, which was the reason why there was a strange offset. that's now fixed! the second weird thing was that whoever made the image -> numpy array conversion decided that x and y are swapped or something. thanks?

anyways, the button's working! ive been thinking, and i think it might be a good idea. we should probably move everything to a giant rendering list... it might be a good or bad idea.

here's a little math! here in NYC, it just started raining... if you look outside, you know what i see? the sky looks like when i put a Channeling Trident on a lightning rod in minecraft and move it really quickly (yes, that works. don't put too many tridents or it'll lag a lot) now, while nature is really angry right now (probably from how bad this code structure is...), im gonna do a little math for the options portion of the screen (the thing with 3 buttons and mouse positions and settings button)

#### Welcome to my thinking
- editor size: 388x123 with 3px borders
- center area: 388 px wide (borders are irrelevant for now)
- center needs 3 buttons and 4 spacers
- 3x+4y=388, both should be whole numbers, y should ideally be a small number
- 120px button and 7px spacers
- 114px with 3px borders (120px total), and 7px spacers
- vertically could be 58px tall with 7px spacer
- so, top row is 120 x 58px with 7px spacers and bottom row is 7px below and slightly irrelevant for now

ok, that image appears good now, worked on the assetes, it should be ready to be implemented tommorrow (does this mean we get one section done?)

also, i realized that ive spent probably more than 48 hours working on this thing over the course of the last month... that's insane! hopefully the upcoming hours will bring even more better changes!

a couple last second changes, updated README.md and preparing the repository to go public (for something, and also for others to see the horrible structure of this code and to suggest changes (i dont think python was made for a really OOP based solution...))!

good night everyone! 