# 6/27/2024 - 20th Update!

ok, starting it off strong in the morning, basically, last night, I had this questionably good idea of adding `CODEGUIDE.md` (idk what to call it). basically, its documentation on what each file/directory (well, the important ones) do, for anyone else looking at this and wanting to look into it (and future me who forgot everything about this). 

after this, just a bunch of documentation here and there and removing unnecessary imports (some may be useful?)

now i think its a good idea to create some form of global rendering object system thing where bascially everything that needs to be rendered is rendered and calculated. bascially, this is to fix the issue of what is currently being interracted with, as each screen is kind of acting by themselves right now. also, side note, i thought it was a genius idea to bring my laptop into the bathroom with me so that i can program while sitting on the toilet. it kind of stinks. just like the code structure right now. 

so, side quest: **move everything to something that makes sense**

ok, so, the way this could work is moving every screen into one giant thing, but this is silly, as that requires updating sections that arent even being interracted with (which will contribute to lag)

ok, i got a better idea. 

yes! now, since everything is in a global system for detecting what the user is interacting with, multiple buttons shouldn't be activating at the same time (only one thing should be selected!) (i didn't even try to make the code with multiple buttons activating since that would be a silly amount of repeated code) just in case i forget or you're interested, `self.globalInteractableVisualObjects` contains a list of everything in this format: 

```
[
    ["section","visual object"],
    ["section","visual object"]
]
```

wow, that was a productive hour! i think the next thing is to actual finish the options menu (buttons click but don't actually stay clicked like you would expect a tab system to work (it's currently just a button)) also, im getting really scared as im in the room where i saw that mosquito last night. ive actually started wondering if i was hallucinating... 

ok, now that i've written a bit of code to make the options menu work (no settings just yet), it's time for the fun part, the sprites and editor! (pain)

now, i have no clue where to start, so time to plan out a little list: what do we need first before we start anything?
- editable text box
- some drag and drop thing? (on second thought, this wouldn't make sense and it'll be much easier to just use arrow keys)
- timeline

here's some things i just remembered to do:
- upload page (does this need a button... nah, lets just add a little picture showing the user what the sprite image is and make them upload it there by clicking on it)
- cache management (probably going to be in the settings menu)

ok, so after a little bit of thinking and drawing the UI on a google slide (again), the project tab (well, its more like an "about this project" tab, but whatever) seems to look good! except most of the things haven't yet to be implemented yet (oops) (look, the power of yet! (this is a reference to a joke from my middle school that probably no one will understand)). this means we'll have to come back to this later, as it can't be finished as of now. however, we do need to create an editable text box.

ok, im going to actually finish up the projects tab with a little gear icon (self drawn, of course)

drew the gear! unfortunately, it doesn't link to anything yet (turns out, it's very hard to draw icons like that and position them properly)