# 6/28/2024 - 21th Update!

ok, so its actually 6/27/2024 at 2 am right now, and im like really happy. im now inspired (thanks!). good night, see you tommorow!

ok, thanks a lot for that update, me from this early early morning. as i realize that my free coding days are numbered (ive been forced to be tutored and to tutor, how silly), i think i should plan out what to do today:

tasks to (hopefully) finish by today:
- editable text box (visual object)
- implement it in multiple places (multiple text boxes should be able to exist at once)
- hopefully make it look good (a little border around the text that expands as you type looks good...)
- add some debugging features/stats (how many placeOver() are being run per tick, should be easy to add)
- IMAGE ROTATION (i completely forgot about this one)
- ive been wanting to add a .gitignore but ive been forgetting to do it (i'll probably forget to do this again)

ok, ive realized i need to go to google calander and do a bit of planning... (the goal is to finish by the end of july, mid-august at latest (hopefully (take this all with a grain of salt, as ive commited to mining a 128x128 hole in minecraft to bedrock (1.18+ generation) with a pickaxe, and i dont work on it for months at a time. in fact, i think we're on y level 40-55 ish? (its been so long i kind of forgot (how many parenthesis deep are we? (well, point is, this is just a tentative goal)))))) (wow, we're out of those parenthesis layers) cue the coding music!

progress updates:

ok, so text box is really broken right now, you can only edit it when you are clicking the textbox, and it can disappear occasionally... also, turns out the key is Return, not Enter (but its called Enter on my keyboard...?)

yippee it works! 