# 6/29/2024 - 22nd Update!

ok ok, its currently 12 AM, and i just finished disc 3 of season 3. what's also important is that i thought of how to approach this issue while brushing my teeth. all "animated images", not neccesarily visual objects, but the sprites that move across the screen will have to have a set of "properties" at all times. here's a quick draft of a couple properties:

- position+orientation (x,y,dir)
- effects (transparency, color shift, brightness, etc.)

so we know that it must have some form of this information every animation frame, as like some form of "state". now, this "state" is determined by deafults, and the editor aspect of it, where that modifies the properties. for example, when processing the animation, there can be a path element in the editor from `0 seconds to 2 seconds`, which modifies position and maybe orientation during that time. maybe theres also a transparency effect from `1 second to 3 seconds`, which modifies the transparency during that time frame. the only problem i can currently see with this is multiple events conflicting with each other, which might just show up as red in the editor and prioritize the first one.

now, when the user requests to see a frame of the video, the code should look through the "property modifiers", or, basically, the "editor elements", and basically process what state of properties the sprite should be in at that frame. another benefit of this approach (that, well, now that i think about it, works with other approaches too), is that the elements in the editor don't need to be in order. ok, im going to sleep now, can't wait to get coding tommorow morning! (well, today morning)